Improvements on the ACLs and bug fixing (#320)
juanfont/headscale: CHANGELOG.md

**TBD (TBD):**

> **BREAKING**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**0.14.0 (2022-xx-xx):**

**BREAKING**:
```

> - ACLs have been rewritten and the behavior is different from before. It's now more aligned to tailscale's view of the feature. Namespaces are viewed as users and can communicate with each others. Tags should now work correctly and adding a host to Headscale should now reload the rules. The documentation have a [fictional example](docs/acls.md) that should cover some use cases of the ACLs features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ACLs have been rewritten to align with the bevaviour Tailscale Control Panel provides. **NOTE:** This is only active if you use ACLs
  - Namespaces are now treated as Users
  - All machines can communicate with all machines by default
  - Tags should now work correctly and adding a host to Headscale should now reload the rules. 
  - The documentation have a [fictional example](docs/acls.md) that should cover some use cases of the ACLs features

```

Not sure if this is better, I tried to break it up a bit.
